so I was looking for a new tripod to
replace the chief one I got at Walmart
so I found this one at B&H photo with
free shipping at $28 it's a pretty good
deal they tried to talk me into getting
a Manfrotto but I didn't want to pay $75
for a tripod as you can see re-read
there are a lot of good reviews some
reviews weren't very good but they were
very few and I thought it was really
good buy for what I was seeing and I
also found this video online by DV
studios productions he was the only one
who had it it actually showed you how
the tripod work and how fluid the head
movements were so I was really impressed
by how how very fluid the head movements
were and how it came up now if I could
have been afforded a better tripod I
would have but I really don't want to go
broke just buying a tripod as you can
see the legs are very sturdy I got it
today and it was a very good buy and it
was extremely well-put-together it's
made of metal but it's very lightweight
it doesn't have a bag or handle as you
can see the head is really nice and the
legs are very sturdy I tested out the
legs and they snap very well together
you also have your very fluid pan and a
very good tilt as well as I work in use
photography I can tell the difference
between a good tripod and a bad tripod
and this fluid movement is very good for
the price of the tripod I did a few
samples of video so you can see what it
looks like in action with a camera on it
and here is an action shot or traveling
with a pain
and my dog is very fast and here is a
still shot it was very windy today but
it was a little bit shaky here's a tilt
shot and here is a very fluid pan so you
can see how well it moves and stops now
here is what the pan and the tilt lock
loose as you can see it has a very fluid
motion and I'm very impressed with the
motion that it shows so overall I'm
really excited about using it on a
studio production or anything that I do
it's pretty sturdy it's a little shaky I
wouldn't take it out too far and there's
some rice nice rubber feet there it also
holds up my 300 millimeter lens with my
DSLR and in DSLR the only thing I was
upset about is doesn't have a lot for
your legs but it's pretty sturdy up
overall another con was the handle that
makes it taller is really loose it locks
down but it's pretty loose but overall
it's really good and it's about 21
inches long so I think for the money
very good tripod if you can afford a
better one go right ahead but if you
really don't want to go bro I suggest
the Sony VC gr 640